Update hello-world.mdx (#25)
aiken-lang/site: src/pages/getting-started/hello-world.mdx

aiken build
```

> This will generate a [CIP-0057 Plutus blueprint](https://github.com/cardano-foundation/CIPs/pull/258) as `plutus.json` at the root of your project. This blueprint describes your on-chain contract and its binary interface. In particular, it contains the generated on-chain code that will be executed by the ledger, and a hash of your validator(s) that can be used to construct addresses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command generates a [CIP-0057 Plutus blueprint](https://github.com/cardano-foundation/CIPs/pull/258) as `plutus.json` at the root of your project. This blueprint describes your on-chain contract and its binary interface. In particular, it contains the generated on-chain code that will be executed by the ledger, and a hash of your validator(s) that can be used to construct addresses.
```

  and type/copy each line.
</Callout>

<Callout type="info" emoji="ℹ️">
    If you have an existing (Private) Signing Key that you generated with `cardano-cli` or `cardanocli-js` and you prefer to use that instead, then make sure to first convert the CborHex to a Bech32 encoded key hash. You can do this in the terminal by running:

  ```
  echo <REPLACE_WITH_PRIVATE_KEY_CBORHEX> | bech32 ed25519_sk > skey_bech32
  ```

  Make sure to remove the first two bytes(a "5820" prefix in most cases) in the CborHex before proceeding with this. 
</Callout>

Now, we can head to [the Cardano faucet](https://docs.cardano.org/cardano-testnet/tools/faucet) to get some testnet funds on the Preview network to our newly created address (inside `key.addr`). Make sure to select _"Preview Testnet"_ as network.

> Using [CardanoScan](https://preview.cardanoscan.io/) we can watch for the faucet sending some tADA our way. This should be pretty fast.

Reviewer: I'd rather avoid the multiplication of tools and and oddities in this tutorial. We purposely avoid any command-line tool here to make the setup easy. There are plenty of other resources about how to use those tools, so it isn't the scope of this tutorial. I am afraid it will only adds confusion.

Please revert all the changes between L147 and L160.

    Tx ID: ${txLock}
    Datum: ${datum}
`);

> // -- The tADA amount above in `console.log` can be arbritary depending on how much you wish to transact so feel free to edit your code accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: Not really, we also assume 1 ADA after, and for the sake of not introducing inconsistency and making the tutorial possibly _fail_ if people get too adventurous, let's not suggest that.

}
```

<Callout>
  You can test the now updated code above live by submitting a new transaction to the blockchain, just run:

  ```
  deno run --allow-net --allow-read hello_world-lock.ts
  ```

>   You should receive a response in a few seconds containing your `TxID` and `Datum`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You should receive a response in a few seconds containing your `Tx ID` and `Datum`.
```

> </Callout>

Reviewer: Hmm. This is a bit redundant with the callout few paragraphs up. But admittedly, it's the callout above that is misplaced and would be better down here here.  May you be kind enough and _move_ the Callout L212 here instead? Thanks.

```

Now, let's add the bits to unlock the funds in the contract. We'll need the

> transaction identifier(TxID) obtained when you ran the previous script

Reviewer: ```suggestion
transaction identifier(`Tx ID`) obtained when you ran the previous script
```

await lucid.awaitTx(txUnlock);

console.log(`1 tADA recovered from the contract
    Tx ID: ${txUnlock}
    Redeemer: ${redeemer}
`); 

> // -- The tADA amount above in `console.log` can be arbritary depending on how much you really transacted earlier so feel free to edit your code accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
